hi I'm Sarah from good food magazine and
I'm going to show you an orange and
cranberry spirits it's a really nice
non-alcoholic cocktail so if you've got
drivers at your party or people just
don't want to drink then it's a really
nice thing to serve Anna you looking
forward to this one yeah I really love
them I mean I've got a terrible sweet
tooth I love like Jesus and stuff and
it's nice to have an option for people
that can still have plated things and
it's not just boring yeah otherwise you
feel like missing it out don't ya so do
you make a lot of cocktails at home or I
do is it seems to be the in thing for
this winter like having people over many
things because is more cost effective
and I get to experiment and things and
so he tell you to think of what you like
yeah and have less or more things you
like to do yeah and cocktail like proper
nice cocktails are so expensive now when
you gather them in a bar and you know a
few things in your kind of alcohol
cupboard and then some kind of cheap
mixers and stuff and you're able to
create some really nice different things
so okay well this one's so easy you're
gonna you're gonna I feel like a fraud
even showing you it who basically
cranberry juice so nice Christmas Eve
flavor about a third of your glasses so
again I'm making us in the glass is
really easy don't need a cocktail shaker
or anything fancy like that can we go
some cranberry juice and then same
amount of orange juice so um it's a
season if you've got blood oranges that
would be so lovely as anyone everyone
like blood orange juice or they go more
orange e you do get a nice blush color
just adding it to the cranberry yeah I'm
I had a blood orange for the first time
not that love another and other
surprised of how duty it wasn't quite
nice a nice straight allergies very nice
I think that I mean they're nearly in
season now their winter fruit so best
time for blood oranges and orange
kind of january-february really okay but
you can get some nice ones called blush
oranges which come from South Africa
from about October time so they're not
completely pink but they're still nice
they kind of have that sharpness or if
you had some of those um you get those
raspberry orange mixes don't you nice
and so to jazz this one up I've got some
fresh cranberries I can't wouldn't
recommend you probably nibble on these
but they look really nice in the drink
really festive so if you've got some
left over from making your cranberry
sauce just to come in the freezer or
something and then pop them in that'd be
really nice and cold be a bit like using
ice cubes and then just a sparkling
elderflower so if you can't get a
ready-made one just get some elderflower
cordial and some lemonade or some tonic
if you like it a bit bitter you can
trust with the sweet juices maybe
because you've got can reduce me kind of
quite sweet and so then literally you
can have this mix mix without the ice in
it in a jug but you want to go in at the
last minute with the fears and I'm not
even going to stir these because I quite
like the kind of layers of color okay if
you had a really nice orange juice that
was really busy it would be heavier and
it would kind of sit on the bottom you
could pull that in first then really
slowly pull your cranberry juice in
probably tilt the glass and then we've
actually try and do another one with
sand layers in it that really really
nice do you like these ones a nice color
aren't they oh that's it hmm Wow
brilliant didn't ok let's have a go at
this one I've got a pint glass i'll put
the juice in first you did a similar
thing with grapefruit yeah great fruit
crash there's a is it a woo woo that's
great for in cranberry Thank so
something like that
sort of get can you see that oh cool
yeah like a bit like a sunrise yeah in a
fancy bar I'd probably call it a sunrise
cranberries you could have a load of
glass is lined up like that then just a
bucket of ice at your party and then
just some of your nice elderflower fears
just a going at the last minute try and
looks great when you pour it in and then
it sort of mix it all up so the bubbles
at the top yeah like that one Anna yes
that is definitely an i season one that
a less mess yeah yeah yeah I've managed
to make some not so nesting and yet
great through nice kind of I don't know
you can even probably go in with some of
those nice like berry smoothie something
a bit thicker oh yeah we'd give it a bit
more because you're going to add that
fizzy older flowers that will kind of
loosen it a bit me probably be able to
get really really good liars if you had
something thicker like that better be
gettin from ya maybe a bottle of rum on
the side is here no diving yeah bring it
kareena like that one yeah sounds good
thank you again I think you're and rum
or even you could put in a bit of vodka
in this one again or probably if you had
some dams and gin or sloe gin oh yes Oh
Jimmy yeah yes it's little bit slow
journey yeah but its really nice just as
it is if you don't want to add any any
booze at all to so this is my cranberry
and orange spritzer
you